Ok what's the site? Shots health news. Heard on all things considered. Seems like a good source, Johns Hopkins University. Journal of Adolescent Health. Some of the stuff it cites seems reliable. But I'm not sure about the site that it's on.Ok, hm. It's not on an actual medical website so that's not as trustworthy. It's not seeming to show as much information as it could. Hm. Seems like a typical news source but it's not like a super well known one so it does seem a little less reputable. Who is the author?  She's a Harvard college senior. Or she was in 2011  Most of this is just NPR though, or twitter. She's done some research that's for sure. Ok let's go back here. Given the source it's not an actual medical site. But the fact that she does say medical stuff I'll give it like a 6. Ok there's' lots of NPR stuff, does she write for anything else? Here's the full article.  Ok it was written this year. Ok so this is an interview that National Public Radio. Hm. Ok. I don't know if I feel different about that. the sources she cites are from more reputable sources. Particularly the fact that she cites a study done at Johns Hopkins is an indicator of some reliability. The author's Harvard education is an encouraging indication of reputability. The actual site is not overtly scholarly and is angled from a more news oriented perspective. This is an indicator of some reputability but does not indicate that it is a better source than one by a doctor or a medical researcher. Also, the author does not seem to have high reputability outside of her degree from Harvard. Ok so this is kind of reputable because it is a president of the university but it is a super biased view. Because it's from her own perspective. I think it would be better if it were somebody from an outside group. That being said if she has any actual studies done that refer to other universities they could be reputable. These don't seem super reliable. Maybe I'll put a 4  Because it's a university it makes it somewhat reputable by appearance but it's too biased. A third way for universities. Let's see if she's written anything else.  These are not helpful. Scrolls up and down but things. The fact that it's not coming up with it makes it seem less reputable. She's not even on here. Really unrepeatable. Ok. We're going to go 2. The author is the head of a university, giving her some reputability, and she cites various article and studies. The articles and studies that she uses seem to either be unrelated or bent to create a correlation, the author is in a position where her opinion on the topic would be biased and there would be a direct personal benefit for her to skew the article in favor of her standpoint. This one still seems not like super great. Even the ads make it seem not super reputable because they are for fun. Ok who is the author? Justin Haskins. No reason the author should be reputable stated. So it cites a study. That's usually good. Interesting point. So there is data that is cited. It cites two different universities and a professor of biology. Has some charts. I still don't like the fact that it's on this chart. I'll give it like a high 5/low 6. Let's search for it. What's it called? Global Warming Fail. That's not what we are looking for. Nope. No. Ok Not showing up. Hm. It's not a very reputable source. Let's see about the author. Justin Haskins. This one looks better. I'm seeing something with Justin Haskins here. It's on physics. When was it written? Rating it a 4. the various universities cited and on topic quotes, studies and charts used make this seem like a reputable source. the author's origin, website of publication, quantity of ads on the webpage and the format seems much less reliable than is preferable. Elon Musk's SpaceX. Washington post. That's a little more reputable.Who is the author? Christian Davenport. I'll do some research on him.  Washington post seems reputable, but the article information didn't seem that great to me. Let's research Elon Musk Space X. Seems reputable.  Don't see him. That's concerning. the Washington post and the fact that elon musk seems reputable give this source some reputability  I'll make this one a 4. the lack of cited quotes, and other authoritative statements is discouraging as is the lack of the author's credentials within the article. What is this website? Daily Kos. Does not sound super great. I don't know this name.The really long title is concerning, it looks like there are blogs by the same website.  This one looks like a 2. Doesn't seem super reputable. Ok what was the author's name again? Laura Clawson.  Let's hope something is helpful here. Contributing editor. Linked in. She has a PhD in sociology. Hm.  So she has good credentials. But. I'm going to go with a 3 because she is reputable. the author has a PhD from Princeton, encouraging reliability. her best statistic shown as from a survey, non-specific to about who contributed to it. The actual information included seems heavily opinion based and the website does not seem overly reputable.