Oh, this makes sense. I don't really know if it is reliable. It says there is no evidence, the researchers have no evidence, and all the different things are highlighted weird, like California. And the website doesn't look very organized, I guess.  This is really interesting. I do not really know. So, I don't think it is really reliable, right here (under the picture at top) it says, Birth control pills may be safer for teenagers. a study find and it doesn't even show what study it is. That makes me think that it is not very reliable.. They need a link for that, or something.  Oh, that's interesting, if you click these things (the hyperlinks). Yeah, I don't think this is very reliable, because I haven't really seen this website before. I think it is weird that they are highlighting all the random little things. One attribute that makes this source reliable to me is that the article has links to different articles to help show the facts that it really is true. On attribute that makes this source less reliable to me is that under the picture, it says, Birth control pills actually may be safer for teenagers than for older women, a research says. I think it's less reliable because they just said a research said that, without showing a link to that research. Begins reading through article. So it looks like he doesn't really have any, what's the word. He says, I am privileged to serve as president but he doesn't have any other facts other than from him. So, I'm going to say a 4. And yeah, I've never heard of these website, so I am kind of like, I don't know if they really are reliable. Yeah, I've really never seen this website before. How can you search? I think it is weird that they have all those Snapchat, Instagram, Facebook, all right there (at the top). Just the random-est things on this website, so I totally don't think this is reliable.  What makes it more reliable? I guess, you could make it more reliable because you can really look up anything on it, but it is less reliable, because you really can look up anything on it, so they just have everything random. The fact that the website has many different articles and subjects makes me think it icn be reliable because you can look up anything and it will probably be on the website. The fact that snapchat, twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and email are on the top of the home page make me question if it's really reliable, because they shouldn't focus on the social media of things, they should focus more on the articles. Okay, The Blaze, I think I have heard of the Blaze before.  It's good that it shows the new study part, so you can probably click on that and read about the study done. Okay, I think this is the most reliable from what I've looked at. . But I'm going to look it up. I hope they have a search button, because the last one didn't have a search button.  Okay, so that is weird, the fact that I looked that up on the blaze, and it brings me to a different place that was kind of random. And that you got to sign up and login, too, that is not very reliable (referring to the links for signing up on the side of the webpage). Oh, it's right there, I didn't see that.  This doesn't really look like a really  good website, either. So I feel like it is not very reliable, because it is not popular, I guess. Maybe it is popular for some people, but it's not like the just random, like the last one.  Okay, I guess this is a little better, because it went to USA Today. The article had links to other websites, and the other websites looked pretty reliable, which makes me feel like I can trust this website. Just like the other websites, it isn't very reliable because there are a bunch of random articles and the website doesn't look organized. Okay, so this look pretty reliable, because it has a video. Videos are always more interesting, more reliable, because it's the video explaining what they are writing. And if it was a picture, like the last website, that picture, you could have easily just found that online anywhere, randomly. Yeah this one looks better, it has different sections, and you can search. there are still ads. I mean, it looks more sophisticated, more organized than the other ones, for sure. . Yeah, this just looks more organized, like Politics, World, National, PostEverything. Continues skimming through other topic columns. Yeah, this totally looks more organized. And they have the social medias at the bottom, they don't really care about it like the other website. This looks pretty reliable, but still, I don't know if it is completely reliable. So I'm going to say like 7. One thing that made this source more reliable to me is that the website looks very organized and it had a lot of topics, but it was organized and not just random. I don't really know why it would be less reliable. One thing that made this source less reliable is that the articles don't have links to any other research done. 5th article I still have never heard of the website. So, automatically, I think it is good to see that you can click links within the article, that always makes it a little more reliable.  Where is the link to that, so you know that it is true? Yeah, and the fact that this popped up, about, seriously, Trump? I think that's bad. And the fact that there is a huge game ad (at top of page), and then the tweets. Yeah, this isn't as reliable as I thought. Yeah, this is less organized. The fact that there are links within the article to take you to another reliable article helps me realize it is reliable. Right when I opened up the page, an ad to sign a petition about Trump popped up, and then the main ad on the home page was a random gaming ad. That makes me think it is less reliable.