Going to start reading. All right, the topic seems interesting. Yeah, it looks like a medical news article. Heard on All Things Considered. Oh, that's public radio. Public news radio. So it's looking like the reason for the article is just cause it's more accessible. And that teens having to go to a doctor would make them less likely to do it, more likely to have teen pregnancy. So it just looks like a opinion. I mean if that was my opinion that I wanted to go along with them, like a research paper, I could use this, but it's not really scientific. I feel like it's reliable.I'm going to go with a 7. NPR. It's the first one. It's a couple months old. The studies it looks like I would probably use that source over the other opinions about birth control I saw and pushes to make it more accessible to teens. Give it a 7. NPR is a well known news organization.They had an assistant professor speak on the matter. Like this kind of source, I just don't know that it matters, if it's reliable because it's just like an opinion and a push instead of fact and research. NPR is a well known news organization.They had an assistant professor speak on the matter. Just an opinion article. Not too much research or testing. They simply said it would be safe for teens. News article instead of a research journal. Okay, SCAD. Yeah, this picture, that looks really generic, even like google images generic. Um, a site like Huffington Post, I don't feel like is a reliable. I like to open a lot of tabs and look at what the links will take us to. An employment study. Looks reliable. I'll give it a 6, since I kind of trust SCAD more. And I could just use the air quotes, instead of relying on the news source. More reliable: SCAD quotes, and research of employment. Huff Post- the fact of their other debate articles and looks like a mainstream liberal news source. All right, the Blaze. Global warming. Melting sea ice is helping animals.University of Southern Denmark are thriving because of warmer waters. Algae, bacteria. It looks decent, but it's literally just saying like the only scientific thing is the algae, and they're just saying what they're doing with it. Check how much ice is gone.The Blaze is an American multi-platform for use. founded by Glenn Beck. It's got Trump on the front page as an up-to-date news source.Green facts looks like a lot more scientific details and facts. A lot of articles published yesterday.I'll probably put it at a 3 because Finding other fact filled articles about why ice melting is negative for animals. Another mainstream news source that's just trying to get clicks and listens and not give facts. I think that's the biggest thing. They only go for headlines. And then the article is pretty shallow. To make up for the clickbait. And then I mean it's an okay article, but not really even much to go on, much less. The algae food fact. It looks like a professional news source instead of a local/small/unprofessional news source. Finding other fact filled articles about why ice melting is negative for animals. Another mainstream news source that's just trying to get clicks and listens and not give facts. Yeah, this is fun. Elon Musk.It's all these new sites. It's like BYU trying to make a news site that looks reliable. You usually don't use news sites for my source.  And I just use them to get to quotes from people that are actually reliable.What was the difference spaceX. Like what is the source to be on a paper, on the possibility of going to Mars, the lower cost of space exploration, the push to NASA refund space exploration. I don't know. Unreliable about SpaceX. Washington Post. I'll give it a 5. I really want to watch the video. Just keep getting faster and faster. Dang, that was fast. Okay, that was 2 minutes. Maybe my other online research wasn't very profitable, but I'm going to keep it at a 5. Trusting the company SpaceX. The Washington Post seems like a more reliable source to me than most other news sites. Just looks and feels to me more professional and scholarly. Maybe my first couple of ratings should have been lower, or I should have made them higher to make them closer. Sorry about that. There was very little fact or data or anything to use it as a source. It basically just told that they sent another rocket off and that was it. Trusting the company SpaceX. The Washington Post seems like a more reliable source to me than most other news sites. Just looks and feels to me more professional and scholarly. There was very little fact or data or anything to use it as a source. It basically just told that they sent another rocket off and that was it. Daily Kos.Crisis.My mom is a home health aide, home health nurse. Her wages aren't that bad.Want more funding. Um, the way that she wrote it, it just seems more reliable and more data and substance than most of the other ones I've read. So I'll give it a 6.Search is really hard to find.Title is interesting. Looks like the Washington Post and other articles had similar ideas. The wages are low and there's a job crisis, but wouldn't that naturally make the wages more, because there's more demand. I mean, that's what I think. Keep it a 6. The parallel article with the Washington Post which said very similar things. More data to back up her stance. Never heard of the news site before. All the ads on the sides and also the picture to other articles that are political. When it comes to research sites, not hearing of the site before, kind of a good thing, because I don't usually go to research or journal articles sites, but news, I like to have heard about it. They're political stance and things like that. Kind of the like the ads, this is kind of like for all of them, on the sides, and also the pictures that are of other articles. I'm not very political. Those are the most popular news articles. But political stuff is so opinionated and controversial that it's like, if that is what if this is just someone's idea, not really truth. The parallel article with the Washington Post which said very similar things. More data to back up her stance. Never heard of the news site before. All the ads on the sides and also the picture to other articles that are political. 