Its published on March 16th 2017 so that is recent so that is good. I don't see any sources on it but there are links so those might be linked to the source. And they used different articles like Johns Hopkins which is credible and the Journal of Adolescent Health. And it's from NPR and NPR is usually pretty reliable. So I'll give it a 7. First I am going to look up Rebecca Hersher, and it comes up with a lot of things. It seems like she is a credible person. She got an international reporting fellowship, so she must be good at reporting and they must make sure she is credible. Now I am going to look up the name of the article In there she has links to different websites and I see that she has cited her sources so it looks like she did her research. I don't think there is any reason that she would do this for money or anything so I think it would be a credible source and reliable, so I am going to give it a 10. It was published recently, she cites her sources and after looking her up she had different honors and achievements that showed that she was a credible or reliable source. Well I just don't know what her reasons for writing this were and I think that if I were to do research I would probably look more in depth about what she writes about, maybe this is something she is passionate about and it might make her biased in some way. Okay This was updated in March of 2017. It looks like she, or he, I don't know. Paula, it looks like she has cited some things like SCAD. But other than that there are not too many sources. So this could be like her opinion editorial or something like what she thinks should happen. There are a couple sources but it seems over all like it is her opinion like what she thinks should happen. And so I think it should probably be like a, I'll give it a 5 because it has some sources where you can find different things, maybe a 4, yeah, because it seems like it is more focused about her opinion. I am going to look it up.So, the Huffington Post for the most part is usually pretty reliable because they have extreme processes that writes have to go through, like different screening processes to make sure the writers are not telling lies. But there are still a couple, 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 sources. So I mean, there is not a lot but, let's see. But when you click on these sources, like the Harvard Business Review. It was from July 2015. Maybe it is kind of not reliable because the sources are not from the present day. Yeah this is from 2016 and I mean it's just a year but a lot can change in a year 2016, but, so they are fairly recent, but I still feel like it's kind of more of an opinion editorial. There are sources and everything but I still feel like it is more of an opinion thing. So you could use her for some things in a research paper, but you could use her sources better I feel like it is a credible search. But I probably wouldn't use this for a research paper because it still seems more like an opinion editorial. So I think it is reliable because it is published in the Huffington Post which has screening processes for articles and it was very recent and there are a few sources which means she did research on this specific topic. 15:00 So I think the sources that make is less reliable, the reasons they make it less reliable, because the sources are not, I'm sorry its early, I'm having troubles with words. Recent, I mean, they are a year-ish. But they are still in within 3 years and I think that this seems more like her opinion with a couple of sources here and there. But overall it's mostly her opinion. So she did do her research on it, but I wouldn't use it. Like what are her expertize on this topic? Actually, let's look that up. So I see that she is actually the President and Founder of SCAD. So that actually makes her more credible because she has had experience.So actually I am going to change it to 8 and she, I am adding this to the reliable, and she is like the President and Founder of SCAD. So it is still like her opinion about what she saw but this makes it a little more credible. Next one. This is from April 2 2017 and it's from the Blaze and I have never heard of the Blaze, so I do not know how reliable this is. It is not one of the main news websites and so their screening processes for sources could be different and it could be more biased. It's talking about global warming so it could be biased one way or another. You know, it says global warming fail, study finds that melting sea ice is actually helping arctic animals you know, I don't think this is very reliable or credible. So there are a lot of adds that you see on the side and those are the pop up adds and they kind of show you that an article is not credible or that this website is not. He does have sources but, I mean, I am not so sure how much I trust this one. Okay so it is talking about a press release but it is not stating who wrote press release or where it came from. Cause this person could have just made all this stuff up. I mean, it cites NASA. But I am not feeling like this is credible. It is like a kind of more sketchy website. So I am going to give it a 3 because there were some sources, but personally I don't think I would use this. Oh wait, it's a 3 up here. Okay so now I am going to do my research on it. So I am going to look it up because I want to see where it comes from. So I also see that you can sign up for this and sometimes that scares me because it makes it more biased because you sign up for things you agree with. So this could be like towards another political partyI clicked one of the sources and it goes to an article from USA Today, but it is talking about how there is a new terrifying record of low sea ice. But it doesn't really say anything like it is helping animals. And that was supposed to be from NASA but it wasn't. Maybe I clicked on the wrong thing. What the? It goes to the same website.I just don't think this is a very reliable source based on the sources it's found, like someone didn't really do their research based on the sources they found. So I will give it a 2 because I don't think it is very reliable.It was published recently and it looked like there were credible sources and I don't know I didn't' really think it was reliable so I am just going to end there.There were pop up adds everywhere and the sources don't seem like scholarly sources and it's not a credible news website and it seems biased towards a specific party. and that's why I don't think it is very reliable. And I talk more about that. Okay, just at the first glance there are adds to the side, I mean some adds are not bad, but it was published on the Washington Post which is a credible website because they make them go through different screening processes as I said before but it is still a little biased towards one political party. So this was March 20th but there is no year. That is a little weird. There are some sources there but I don't see any links or any bibliography. I am going to give it a 5 because I do not know much about it now. But it is from the Washington Post so it is credible but I don't really see any sources so it could be all made up, but I don't think it is because it is from the Washington Post. Now I am going to look it up. When I clicked on it it said it was from March 30th 2017. There is a little bit about him (referring to the author) He is from the defense and space industries for The Post's Financial desk and he has been there since 200 and he has been places and worked in high position jobs. I don't really see many I don't know how he cites his sources. But there are names and people and things. I just wish there was a place to see where he got them because you cannot tell if it is true. I am going to click on him. He writes a lot about planes and spaceships and that is good because it seems like he has a lot of education and knowledge about this. Based on my little research I am going to give this an 8. He is educated on this topic and knows this stuff and he has had high level jobs and he works for the Washington Post and it has screening process for sources and seems reliable. I think that I want to see where he got his sources and where he did his research. And that's why I don't think it is as reliable because I can't see where he got his sources. I don't know much about Daily Kos, but this was from April 24th. There are sources you can click on so that seems good. I don't know if this biased because it has a thing to sign up. It seems like there are things for Democrats, no wait, it has stuff for Republicans and Democrats and most of the things is focuses on are Democratic and Obama. But no, there are things like immigration, climate change, and healthcare. But I don't know what their stances are so I can't say if it is towards one party. I don't know the website very well, but there are sources. So based on first looks I am going to put a 6 but I want to do more research on it. Because it could be just one of those weird websites. I am going to look up her first, because I don't really know who she is. And there is nothing about her.She is a contributing editor to the Daily KOS. I am going to look up the article.It comes up with an anti-republican thing, that says to come up to help. SO it is kind of a democratic website. I am going to look up her. She references the Washington post a lot. And these seem like she is finding sources that are more focused towards the website. Like it is biased because she is writing towards something. I am going to see if the Daily KOS is reliable. I was right, it is a Democratic website.They allow you to create diaries so it could be like blogposts. But she is a contributing editorI am not sure how reliable this is because it comes from a Democratic website. It could be focused towards a different thing.I am going to give it a 5 no I am going to give it a 4 because the words could be manipulated to make them happy. I think this is somewhat reliable because there are sources and the author is a contributing editor and I think that is was published recently so that is good because it is relevant. But it comes from a Democratic website so it is most likely biased and it also focuses for on their issues. 