So I think, well first of all, I think that NPR has pretty good resources. And I mean, yeah, they talk about somewhat controversial subjects, but I think that their sources are, the sources that they're getting their information from are normally pretty legit. Um, I think it makes sense to have birth control given to teens. Unless there's data that proves that it hurts their reproductive abilities or their system. Let's see here, we'll search. Let's see here.Scrolls to results under the people also ask section. Okay, so from youngwomenshealth.org It's looking like there's few or no problems with it. But apparently estrogen can cause a slight increase in developing a blood clots, which obviously would be a problem. I think it's important to remember that a) that you can get much more, that there's much risks of blood clots in pregnancy and that in every single medicine, there's going to be side effects, because somebody has a side effect to every single medicine, that's just how it goes. So they have to list them. But overall, it's looking like, you don't gain weight, it doesn't cause cancer, there's no birth defects as a result of being on the pill, it doesn't cause heart attacks or strokes. I don't think it would be an unsafe thing to have young women on the birth control pill. Okay, so.Once again, I think that NPR does do its research. #2, I'm not against birth control, so there's my personal opinion, too. Which I think absolutely contributes once more to the reliability. Whether we like it or not, our personal opinions definitely add to that.Yeah, I mean it looks like it's safe. Here's another NPR article. It's talking about long-term birth control works best for teens, and that's coming from pediatricians. So it's looking like it's not going to have any negative effects on a female's reproductive ability later on in life. It's not going to hurt her organs or her hormone level, or her ovulation. In fact, it's going to help regulate that. So I think. Safe, so obviously we don't want to mess around with our young teenagers' reproductive. Hold on, my phone's ringing. Cause that's a big deal, obviously. We want our young women to be able to have children, if, if that's the choice she makes. The qualities that make the source reliable to me: 1. NPR is reliable 2. I'm not against birth control (personal opinions matter in judging reliability) 3. There's another credible-looking source that backs up the safety of birth control. The only thing that makes the source less reliable is that I would want to do a little more research on birth control just to make sure it was 100% safe. Okay, Huffington Post, that's like a bad sign already, cause we just know that it's not the most reliable of sources. Let's see. So, I mean. There's, there is, I mean everyone knows at Huffington Post, there is some interesting ideas going on here. Right. It does seem to be well-written, more so than a lot of Huffington Post's posts are. That's a big deal, for sure. You know, I agree with the need to be prepared collegiately for an actual job. It's great if you can just perform in a classroom setting, but can you perform with your co-workers, can you perform in a research-based setting, you know, x, y, or z. And that's really important, becauase ultimately, nobody is going to want to hire someone who just did well in school but can't communicate with other people. That makes them an invaluable, I mean an employee without value. rates the second question a 6, then changes it to a I'm going to give reliability a 6. Because it's from the Huffington Post. It's sad but it discredits its, well maybe give it a 5.5, because it's, like I said the whole Huffington Post thing discredits it. What else. Let's see, let's look up.Here's something from, oh, let's find a good source.  Something from business insider, I don't know how legit that is, but it sounds okay. So let's look at this. This looks like a good, like a good site to me.This is interesting. This is from Bentley University: 58% of respondents, including business makers, etc., etc., gave recent college graduates a letter grade of C or lower on their preparedness for their first jobs. So this is obviously a problem. It's talking about how it really is a real problem. It's looking like Business Insider is agreeing to this Huffington Post. This Business Insider looks like it's pretty legit, it looks like it's a good source. Let's see.Here's one called University Business. And it talks about there's an ad here. Meeting employers expectations in higher ed. And it looks like this is obviously a problem that is not stuck to just certain colleges. So now the credibility becomes more like an 8, 8.5, but that's not an option. The qualities/attributes that make the source more reliable is that other articles are backing up the problem being discussed. So obviously this isn't a problem that is being made up by the Huffington Post, which once again, is kind of a degraded source, people don't really trust that source, as, take that as, but that is the case. I was always taught by my dad, don't go on that site. So there you go, I'm already going to have a bias by that. And I have a professor that I'm taking a class by right now who said no go on the Huffington Post, either. So obviously it's not respected. But because, this source is not more reliable because I'm seeing other sources that are being like, yes, this is a problem, yes, we need to merge art teaching and the classroom to teaching in the field so we can have employable students. Nobody wants to employ someone who's going to be horrific in the field for the first two years. Actually, let's see. Oh, did I not do that part. I'll put that one at like a 5. The qualities/attributes that make the source more reliable is that other articles are backing up the problem being discussed. The fact that the immediate source is coming from the Huffington Post I have a bias against the Huffington Post, as do many others. Ugh, the Blaze. Where do we even start. We see that this is from the Blaze, which is an extremely conservative website, and so. I know people who really really like to read it, and like it as their source of news, but once again, we have to realize that it's going to be biased, it's going to be prejudiced, because it's conservative stance. Let's see here. So even though I might agree with some of what's in the Blaze, because I lean somewhat Republican, that doesn't mean that it's always true because, we need to get an objective opinion. So let's see here. Cause they're warmer, I guess. Some of the sources, some of the news is kind of like Polar Biology, a periodical, so that looks like it could be a good source within the source. Hmm. Wow, this is interesting because I don't, I'm not an incredibly political person, so I'm not sure what political system like the Blaze's opinion on global warming might be, but this is interesting because I think that animals can adapt, absolutely, but at the same time, if an animal's environment is changing, at first, that's definitely going to be a detriment to them. So this is an interesting idea, and because we know it comes from the Blaze, which tends to be biases, maybe that sounds like a biased opinion, I don't know, whatever. I'm going to go with a 6. And let's see what the rest of the internet has to say about this.Um, let's see. So this one is from the national wildlife federation. Let's see what they have to say. Come on little computer. You can do it. Maybe it also.Let's also look up what are they called, ice melts? Melt ponds.Let's see what that has.Okay, it can't find this national wildlife federation. Okay.  Here we go. It's looking like this global warming is not good for polar bears. But I think this article is mostly talking about,  No, it's talking about all artic animals. This situation is coming from the national wildlife foundation. This article is pretty much all about polar bears. And because their habitat areas are lost, they're, their prey is lost as well, so polar bears and seals.So that's the national wildlife federation's opinion. Okay, so if we look at melt ponds  So it's like they said, it's a warmer situation. If we look at BBC news. Of course, this is all in a quick glance, right, so. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know, we're always told that global warming is bad, so this idea that it's not, doesn't mean that it's not necessarily true, but it makes you question it, because everyone else is saying that it's not great.I'm trying to see if I have any, I have a NASA's climate kids, so a little bit simpler, but NASA does produce legit stuff. Okay, so it looks like in the Arctic, this warming is good for whales, but bad for polar bears like we saw on the federation page. Yeah, I'm going to say that this article has good and bad stuff, so I think it needs to change it's title to say that it's helping some Arctic animals. So I'm going to give it a 5 because it needs to have a more clarifying title. So let's see, I mean I didn't check the periodical out, but that seems like it might be good. So that makes it more reliable. This source is getting data from a periodical. The source is less reliable because it's from The Blaze. It's also les reliable because it generalized that all arctic animals were benefiting from the warming of the arctic. When really only some are. There should be a title change. Okay, I don't know much about, okay, here we go, Washington post. Okay, so it's a news source, Washington Post. Wait, we've got a picture. I don't know how good the Washington Post is. I think it's okay.It looks like this guy, Musk, is trying to get out of the, go back and forth. So I'm going to call it a 6. It's not a topic I know a whole lot about. Something I should do some more research on. So let's look at Musk Space X. Okay, so some twitter stuff. Okay, okay, we have CNBC. clicks on third result.This is interesting, another picture, of course it's going to be made up. So it looks like Elon Musk is the owner of the company. It looks like this is legit. There's a video.This looks like it's a party. Oh, that's a company party. Totally different. I don't know if this is really the site we need. Space.com has something about it. Vogue has something. It doesn't look like a lot of the bigger news reporters are doing this, so let's give it like a 6.5, but you had it on my voice. And I mean, once again, just because no big sites are talking about it, doesn't mean it's not real, I just don't recognize the sites, of course, you can't base it on just that. Attributes are that is coming from the Washington Post. People on the internet are talking about it. New York Times, NBC, etc aren't talking about it. Okay, there's a growing crisis in care for disabled and elderly people.  Okay, so I believe that already. So Daily Kos. I've never heard of that. Looks like we've got some data from Wisconsin nursing homes. A quote. I'd say there's probably a problem. I'd agree with it. I'd give it a 7. Ish Oh that was supposed to be up here. Because that makes sense. That job takes kind of a saint to do. So let's look  You know that's happening in Japan. Here's Forbes  Continue to article. Yeah, looks like it is a problem. Let's, it's about a 7.5, but it'll be an 8 on your marker. I already agree with the problem, so that honestly makes the source more reliable, which sounds ridiculous. I don't know the source. Kos, what's it called. Daily Kos.I don't know Daily Kos, so that makes it a little less legit and reliable to me. I mean those  can always be made up, but they're a good sign, too. I already agree with the problem, and the article agrees with my ideas. There are quotes in the article, specific examples. I don't know Daily Kos therefore I would have to establish more credit. 