As an international student, first of all I would just like to say that, um, I'm trying to actually get used to some sites, or sources that are valid sources, or credible and so forth.  And that is why it is difficult at times to like just, say as to any story that I see, or source, unless maybe it has been published by an organization that as an international student I had an opportunity to see it.  Like if a story is published on CNN, BBC, ummm NBC and other media platforms that I'm aware of, then I tend to analyze that story.  Like for this story, I'm still hesitant to just say it's credible because first of all there's no more information that is being given, like I wanted authority to be quoted, but here I'm just seeing one doctor that has been quoted,  and it is Krishna Upadhya.  And of course I just google to see if indeed she is someone who is known in that field, and seeing in a website here like Johns Hopkins medicine.  And it says she's an assistant professor of pediatrics.  It makes a serious authority that has been quoted, but still to me this article is still hard to do more, different sources not just the one. And again I just google to see  if indeed California authorities did enact a new law about birth control pills and so forth.  And I'm also seeing website called www.scpr.org/news.  And if it was a real paper I am doing, I would have to ask my teacher, to just confirm or talk to other people to confirm if indeed this is a genuine site that you can quote.  But that is just my take, of course, as we continue staying here we will be able to know more sites.And that is why I'm giving it 4, because to me, reliability is still low.  And I need to move to other questions because this one says please take two minutes to evaluate the screen shotson a scale of 1 to 10 how would you rate this article's reliability, and I'm questioning different sources' authority and so forth.  So that is why I'm giving it athen the other question. Of course I've been able to talk about that, about this site, it's called 'Shots: Health News from NPR.' If I was just to look at NPR to find out what is NPR  National Public Radio, news & analysis, world, US, Music.  So it looks like it's a credible sourceI don't know.  I've not heard of this National Public Radio, NPR, I would need to do more research about it.Therefore  It's my first time to hear NPR, and it needs more background checks to find out what is National Public Radio, and NPR. Put in mind that I have been here in the US for one month, so it's gonna take me some time, so this is just an opinion I am giving.  I will give it 4.  Because I'm not so sure about NPR.  And I would have to talk to someone, like my instructor, and just find out, what about NPR and talk to other friends of mine. To me, first of all as I said earlier on, it is not so much reliable because I am not familiar with that site.  And also when I googled to see if California really enacted a law, I'm not seeing different sources of California doing that cause it's just  www.scpr organization.  There is this NPR radio too that has also talked about it. Oh, it's Shots, NPR.  Okay.  So this is the site of like a radio station or something.  So, if indeed it's a likegeneral radio station I'll have to find out more about this radio station.  What is it'suhhhdoes it have any like alignment, how does it take certain issues, does it have like a certain in house ties.  Focus on how they perceive certain important information if it's politically, if it's about health, I would need to understand that background because each and every media house has certain policies, and here in the US, lots of media houses, like some of them will be more lenient to democrats and republicans.  As a student, or as a human being, it would be nice for me to understand all the background so that I can make an informed choice. That is why I do not have lots of information right now on NPR.  Their policies their stand on certain issues, like health wise with pills and so forth.  And then, having that background would help me like, just, to know them.  So attributes, some of the attributes that would make a source reliable would be one: a figure if it's person.  A figure that I know. I would say, if its authority being quoted, it should be an expert first of all in that field, a well-known.  And again, the story, if it was Californian, I would have wanted someone from that government or state to like be interviewed.  Like if there's a minister, like for us we have ministers of health.  Like that minister, to give or be cited in the story, to be quoted in this article which I have not seen.  Also the assistant professor that was quoted.  So I would want to have multiple sources If a government authority is quoted then it's easier for us to maybe understand this article.  If it's reliable. A quote from the assistant Professor. Multiple sources or quotes on the matter. Government authority is quoted. Okay this is another article.  'A Third Way for Universities.'  So how to rate it, the font seems to be so small  Okay!  I can enlarge it.  So let me read first of all then, so there will be couple of minutes of silenceLet me take some paper, so that I can write, so that maybe some of my thoughts that come in my mind cannot escape. So first of all, before I even read, let me see who has written this.  It's Paula Wallace, contributor.  President and Founder, Savanah College of Arts.  Let me just have some background checks. Okay looks like this is an authority, very I would say authentic or I would say someone that you would like quote her.  When I go to Wikipedia it says Paula Wallace is president and cofounder of the Savannah College of Art and Design, SCAD.  Of course she came from Atlanta, she has a BA degree from Furman university.  Some other degrees from Georgia State University.  Looks like she got a lot of experience, so she has written this  'A Third Way for Universities.'  First of all, what is the objective of this article.  What do they want to achieve by the end. Hope my English is good. English is a second language, but I hope I'm trying to make sure that I'm loud enough so that someone who would listen to this would be able to understand what I was going through.  As I read this, of course. These are people that I know. Back at home CNN is so prominent.  If we want to watch international news we watch CNN and a couple of these presenters like Fareed. So her claim or argument, first of all, she wantsum she is forthird way kind of approach in terms of education.  People should not ignore specific studies on careers.  Therefore, she's ashe wants universities and colleges not to ignore this question of careers, and so forth.  So that is what she wants, that is what she is advocating for. As I continue reading I think she's appealing to my emotions as well.  By the way, this article is structured.  She's making sense. Alright, I was just reading, very carefully, this article, and I think the argument of this article is very valid.  Paula Wallace has done very well, and she's advocating for what she calls a third way for universities, where students are prepared for careers.  I like her supporting reasons in this argument, because she says it's very very important for universities to be much careful when it comes to increase like what discipline do they want to teach first of all.  Look at the student interest, where are the interest of students more.  They need to look at also the curriculum, should be able to impress the changes that are happening like in journalism, a lot is going on.  So, any department that teaches journalism should be able to do that.  And I like those supporting reasons.  And she's suggesting some of the remedies that can be undertaken, like advisory boards.  If it's journalism department, or communication department, they need to form advisory boards.  Advisory boards that would be able to include those people that are practicing journalism, or those people who have experience in journalism.  They know the new trends in journalism so they embrace all of those changes and every department should be able to do that.  She subdivided this .  She says, 'First, universities must adapt' and then she says 'Second, universities should marry the intellectual and the practical in the same classroom.' So these are very important and valid points and arguments that she's making that I like.  References to some other people that I know, Steve Jobs, Steve Jobs is someone, he's very known, very credible source.  And even Fareed Zakaria is host of CNN, he's also very, someone that I know.So when I got to the questions that say, 'Please take two more minutes using the browser provided on the second tab to do any online research required to evaluate the credibility of the overall source' I did that to just find out if the writer is indeed the president and founder of Savannah College of Art and Design, SCAD. Through Wikipedia, I've been able to verify that.  That is one thing, and again, those quotes that have been made in this, talking about Harvard Business Review, 'Michael D. King suggested that collaboration among universities, but that it can engender significant curricular improvements.'  Therefore, she's concluding very well, and earlier on she quoted about, or she talked about people, she made some reference to people that I know.  And again something that makes this story or article credible and reliable is that, she's talking from a point of experience as a president and founder of Savannah College of Art and Design.  This is an acadamation  I can say.  Therefore I will give this more than five, umwhy don't we give it 9. 9 out of 10.  So if there's any mistake, then, you can have that element of 1. Maybe to just be clear of Michael D. King  I just want to read about him.  Let's see if there's any information about him. :Attricutions are of people who are experts in the field Time is not on my side.  It's another article.  Four minutes isit is little.  So I won't be able to analyze this article.  Meditation.  'Global warming fail: Study finds melting sea ice is actually helping Arctic animals.'  So a new argument here.  And I only have four minutes so I won't be able to go through this survey unless, you know, a student of writing and rhetoric each and every word counts, so, I just need time to looks at it very well.  And be able to analyze it.  Cause there are issues you need to find out.  For example you need to know the intention of the author of this article and argument.  Then you need to understand the topic.  Why is hehis intentions, which kind of audience was he targeting.  By looking at the article, those are important things that need to be looked into when you read this article.  And I might not be able to finish it, because of time. 