Well, it's from the NPR, so. Well, I think it's a pretty reliable article. It looks like the reporter does do other health articles too, so maybe they know what sources they need. I mean, they got, I guess a pretty important person to come talk about it, so yeah. Having a qualified doctor speak about her research in this subject. Not a lot more evidence regarding the topic. I think it's pretty reliable, just because the contributor is the founder and president of the Savannah College. Seems pretty reliable, and they've had almost 40 years, year, 40 years, experience talking about education versus getting a career, kind of, with that education. It's also published in the Huffington Post, so that gives it more credibility, I think. Well, I think it's a pretty credible source. Especially after clicking to find out more information about the contributor, you find out that she's a very accomplished person. And she shares a story about how she tries to actively change this feature in colleges. Mmm, I don't think there's really anything not reliable, so The author is very accomplished, and she shares a story about how she actively tries to change this collegiate problem. Okay. The Blaze. This looks really kind of messed up. Not just kind of all over the place, hmm okay, not very reliable. I mean I guess it's better now that I look at the whole article, and things, but hmmm. It looks like this is kind of a conservative, more conservative kind of paper, I guess. Yeah, I'd say it's not as reliable. I mean it does have some sources, but it does have the sources like certified. People. Speaking about it. Interactive graph appears. Does have certified people speaking about it, interactive graph. Appears to be conservative site, probably focuses on things beneficial to its social side, also included an old source not really relatable. Elon Musk. I mean, just the fact that it's Elon Musk talking in the Washington Post makes it seem pretty reliable, just to me anyways. And it includes a video. Well the video helps, because the traditional image of like, rockets, is you know, the blast-off, and it separating into three parts to make it easier to fly, so it helps, you know, kind of prove their point that they want to make a better rocket so they can get to Mars. Elon Musk. Includes a video. I mean it looks a little bit more reliable, then when I first looked at it, anyways. It looks more reliable after reading it. It looks like the site, the site does talk about politics, and this is related, so. The author knows what they're talking about, I guess. What makes it reliable? I don't really know. It just seems reliable, and it definitely looks like it's very politics-focused, so. And what makes it less reliable is that everything else doesn't really seem to, all the other articles don't appear to have any link to it either, so. Looks very politics focused. All the other articles don't appear to follow up on it. So it just appears like it's not a very important topic anyway, so it's not very reliable in the first place.