Based on the screen shot, npr, seems like a pretty reliable source, government funded, so it might have some sort of agenda. Says the nation's leading group, so, I mean, who decides which one is the leading group? Journal of Adolescent Health sounds pretty reliable. Interesting to see the counter argument, which makes me think it's less reliable, but if I could find anything on it, that would be nice. This seems like a pretty good resource to double check, if I had time to read it I would. I suppose based on the screenshots I'm going to give it an 8, and again an 8, mainly because of the lack of a counterargument, um, just kind of knowing the background of npr and their political stances. The citations of it's sources, such as journals and universities. The government has its own agenda, which may not hold the actual health of teens considered as a priority. They also don't display the counterargument, making them appear biased. Huff PostHuffington Post, Ariana Huffington, seen her on TV. A third way for universities. . What I think about her point of view is in favor of where she makes her livelihood, her living. In the beginning she talks about the differences, the two ends of the spectrum. Hmmm, yeah it's kind of weird. I think reliability as a source, yeah, it's good, depends on how you're trying to use her words. If you're using it as actual evidence it's not the right way, because it's her opinion, from her experience. But as a way to highlight different ways for a university to accomplish their educational outcomes it would be good to use. I've never heard of Savannah College of Art and Design, I guess I should look that up. I'm going to look it up on google. . Watch it not even be a real place. Oh it is. Okay. . I'm looking at their website, it looks kind of interesting. Is she still the president? Yes she is. Good for her.  Seems legit. Hard to say. I'm going to go with 7 overall source. But she might be biased, so a little lower I guess. This contributor is an experienced official at the university she represents. In the sense that she has experience trying to blend the two aspects of education. Not that I agree or disagree with it. She is trying to sell her university to students via this news report. Sees he has not done the initial rating and decides on a 6. The BlazeThe Blaze, well, being familiar with The Blaze; I can't remember his name but he's LDS. Does that make him more reliable, just in the fact that I know that? No. Global Warming Fail: Studies find melting sea ice is actually helping Arctic animals, like the polar bears right? No! Geez. . Biblical Meditation. Well there you go. All the ads on the right are just the first one is about Hillary being corrupt. Normal. Scrolls down and keeps reading ads. Okay that's not a real thing: new limitless pill will go public in less than 24 hours. It's sad that I have to read the ads to see if this is credible or not. But I mean just at first glance, calling it a 3. Oh, but then it gives more, some data.  Where did they get their data? Hmm, NASA. National Snow and Ice Data Center? That's a thing? University of Southern Denmark. Ok, can't do that, can't do University of Southern Denmark and then SDU. That's two different things. Yeah, I'm going to say Please take TWO MORE MINUTES to evaluate?? It is a thing, wow.  That's kind of cool, didn't realize, learn something new every day! I'll give it a 5. Use of quality sources being the National Snow and Ice Data Center. Because if a government entity is saying certain aspects of it are true then. The Blaze might say more. Man that's tough, I would definitely cite the NASA study and the National Snow and Ice Data Center.  It's legit! I'm glad I looked it up though. Scrolls through page quickly. Huh. I'd still give it a 5. Maybe a 6.  and the academic research of University of Southern Denmark. Well the ads are a little better. Seems they are just reporting on what happened, not trying to make a claim. Pre-tty Nice, call it an 8. Huh. Do I really have to look up anything? I don't think I learned anything else about it so it's still an 8. Their ads aren't ridiculous. That's poorly worded. Daily Kos? I've never heard of Daily Kos. Huh. It seems to me that the recommended list is All basically liberal. Hmm.  I think. Maybe not. I don't know why I look at the ads so much or the recommended list. It's credible. It can say whatever it wants to say, I'm going to believe it based on its agenda. Talk about caregivers and needs to get a job, why can't it just be about the disabled and elderly people and their needs?  Ok so the first thing that pops up is literally a pop up fortaking Trump out of office, essentially. Clicks through and reads headline of front page article. Trump finds replacement for his abysmal press shop: the Kremlin. Abysmal, that's a little charged. They appeal to pathos more than they appeal to ethos. Too biased to even make me think they are credible.