Okay. So I'm looking at this article. Shots. Health news from NPR. I don't really know what NPR is. Over-The-Counter Birth Control Pills would be safe for teens, researchers say. Rebecca Hersher. Okay so, I'm looking at a quote here from Krishna Upadhya. I guess she's an assistant professor of pediatrics at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. And she seems like a credible person so they have some good sources in here. And overall the website looks legit. Nothing too crazy, so I'd probably rate it pretty high. Maybe a nine. On to the next one. Okay so, I'm going to the internet. Search for npr, see what that is. National Public Radio. Okay. So they're nonprofit, so that's pretty good. Been around a long time. Now I'm gonna probably look up this Krishna lady. Yep. She looks legit. And the author. Rebecca Hersher. Kay. I think it's a pretty good article. Pretty reliable. What qualities make this source more reliable to you? Hmm. It has. I think it really has good, um, good sources for the information. Like that lady. Um. It also comes from a good credible website. So that's a good thing. What makes it less reliable? Probably that it comes from public radio. Instead of coming from a specialized source such as an actual company that makes medical supplies or from a doctor or something. Okay, on to the next. Okay. So, Huffington post. Right from the start, they don't have the best kind of demeanor. Huffington post makes a lot of clickbait kind of things. So just from that, not really the first kind of place I would look for, for information. Okay. A third way for universities. Vocational preparation versus liberal education. So automatically the author is uh, she's the president and founder of the Savannah College of Art and Design. I've never heard of it, but then again I'm not really well-versed in these artsy kind of schools. But, she's kind of talking about when she created the college and everything. Probably rate this, just from looking at it and reading some of the material, I'll probably rate this a six.And I'll go ahead and look up some of these. Look up Savannah College of Art and Design. The website looks legitimate. Looks like they have a few different locations. And a couple international locations. Overall it looks like a pretty legit university. Let's look over at the alumni maybe. Number 1 motion graphic school in the world. That's a pretty good thing to be considered for. I'll look at the president. Paula Wallace. There she is. Um, well it looks, overall it's a, she's pretty credible so, um. I'll go and look at the Huffington post. Go into google right here. Yeah that's the Huffington post. Not that this website is bad or not credible, but to me sometimes it feels like a tabloid company, and sometimes they could totally just exaggerate things, so I'll give it a nice seven. And, what qualities would make this less reliable? Um, and also, the things that would be more reliable for it I guess. That seems like a good thing to me. Next one.The Blaze. Okay. Don't Kay so I'm looking at this website the Blaze, and immediately I see an ad for kind of a, I dunno maybe kind of a religious book? And I also look down and I see other ads, things for, it looks like I got an NBA advertisement video, some clickbait, ads, Days Inn ads, dress ads. And, yeah. The article is called Global warming fail: Study finds melting sea ice is actually helping Arctic animals. That's a new idea I've never really heard of. Um, based on the, looking at some things, we got some data from NASA which is good. We also got some stuff from University of Southern Denmark. Never heard of that school. But this actually looks pretty legit, so I'll give that a nice nine.Go to google here, and look up the website the Blaze. Authentic. Unfiltered. Fearless. Okay that is an interesting thing to say. If you are authentic I guess you would say you are authentic. Um looking at some of these articles on the Blaze.com, um it looks like some of these are kind of clickbait articles. Some of these I've seen on twitter. So that's kind of funny. They have an app. That's a good thing. If they have an app, it seems more legit. I wonder if I can find, like an about section for the company. Maybe that would help. Overall, the website looks okay. Maybe not anything with bad people. Like they got Glenn Beck, and Pat and Stu are some channels on here. Nothing crazy. Looks like your typical website.I'm probably gonna give it a. I'm gonna look up one more thing. The author. Justin Haskins. Um, yeah this is him. The Blaze. So he's written Wall Street Journal, New York Post, Forbes. He's written in a lot of different things. Pretty incredible. I'd say, I'll probably give it a good ten. Yeah, ten's good for me.What qualities make this source reliable?  So that's a good thing. Um, less reliable for me.  Really those kinds of websites just frustrate me because you see they're stuff online everywhere it seems like. Those kinds of websites don't feed my fancy. Okay, next. Washington Post. Um. I'm already looking at this website and I can see that the website is kind of laid out in a way. They do have advertisements, but they're placed on the side. And they have fairly flowing article space. What I mean by that is that there is not a lot of advertisements in the actual article space which is a good thing because, it shows that they kind of value you actually looking at the article more than you just getting on their website to make money off the advertisements. That's a big plus for me, just looking at it. I think it's a pretty reliable source, so. I'm gonna go ahead and look up probably the author. Here he is. Christian Davenport. Washington Post. So he is a, it looks like a big writer for them. And he looks pretty well versed in these things. So I'd say, pretty good. Pretty reliable. What I mean by that is, he basically specializes in writing about space, it looks like. Defense and space industries. So yeah. That's what he does. Let's see, what would make it not? Honestly I don't know. I wouldn't point out anything that wouldn't make it reliable to me. Maybe some of the type of ads. They don't really pertain to the article or website, so I dunno, I don't really like that. It kind of drives me away, but it isn't a big deal. I should get onto the next one. Daily Kos. K. Never heard of them. There's a growing crisis in care for disabled and elderly people. Oh, and it's a jobs crisis, too. K. That's a big thing. Big deal. Health aid. K. Um, so it looks like they got a lot of information in here, but I'm not really seeing where they're citing their sources. I don't really know where they got everything. Lots of comments. I, just from looking at it, probably give it a 6. They look like they know what they're talking about, but they don't really cite their sources, so I'm gonna give em a 5. Five up here. Now I'm gonna look up some of their stuff. Daily Kos. Donald Trump. Look at that. They got a big old ad for apps. K. Let's take a look at Um, I'm not really seeing like an about us page. Perfect, about us. Let's go to their history. Ranked a  top 100 site in the united states by Quantcast. ReadThey got a lot of followers. Looks like the founder, Markos Zuniga. It looks like he served in the military and everything. Don't look too bad. Probably give them a higher. Maybe like a nine. Millions of. Founder seems like a credible person. Um. Ranked high as a website according to whatever it was. Quantcast. Let's stop there. What makes it a less reliable source? Probably Back up. And that's something that is really important. To me if, in order for a source to be very reliable it needs to either have its own empirical data that they collected themselves or they need to get data from another source that can be proven reliable and credible. And also they need to cite the source of where they got it so that people know. That's probably the only thing with that one. Okay. Fun.